c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\CJKSearch.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\CJKSearch.pdb
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\obj\Debug\CJKSearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\obj\Debug\CJKSearch.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\obj\Debug\CJKSearch.pdb
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\test.db
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\wuxnx\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CJKSearch\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\CJKSearch.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\CJKSearch.pdb
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\obj\Debug\CJKSearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\obj\Debug\CJKSearch.dll
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\obj\Debug\CJKSearch.pdb
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\test_jp.db
C:\workspace\LexisRed\CJK-SearchDemo\CJKSearch\bin\index.db
